profile/README.md, before:

## Hi there, welcome to decldix 👋
🙋‍♀️ This organization is all about learning and collaborating. I want to learn how do manage an open source project/organization. 
The initial starting point of this project is to provide an environment to manage proxmox lxc (debian) containers declaratively.
I like the ideas of NixOS and I tinker a lot with it. For low ressource lxc containers on proxmox I like simple debian containers.
This project is intended to bring the advantages those solutions together.

👩‍💻 Useful resources: 
[Versioning](https://semver.org/) 
[Learn Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn)

🍿 This is a side project of me to do something fun - far away from day job and kids.
<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**


🌈 Contribution guidelines - how can the community get involved?


🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
-->

Commit message:

add explaination of the name

profile/README.md, after:

## Hi there, welcome to decldix 👋
🙋‍♀️ This organization is all about learning and collaborating. I want to learn how do manage an open source project/organization. 
The initial starting point of this project is to provide an environment to manage proxmox lxc (debian) containers declaratively.
I like the ideas of NixOS and I tinker a lot with it. For low ressource lxc containers on proxmox I like simple debian containers.
This project is intended to bring the advantages those solutions together.

The name is an artificial word put together from
**decl**arative **d**ebian n**ix** as these are the driving principles behind this project idea.

👩‍💻 Useful resources: 
[Versioning](https://semver.org/) 
[Learn Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn)

🍿 This is a side project of me to do something fun - far away from day job and kids.
<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**
🌈 Contribution guidelines - how can the community get involved?


🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
-->
